the m45 is both an uncomplicated product
and yet one that I feel deserves its
fair share of attention Corsair hasn't
actually altered much from its
predecessor the m-40 but that's why I
feel like if I don't cover it it might
get overlooked with its factory tuning
and data center DNA and Intel 730 series
SSD is an amazing choice for gamers and
performance enthusiasts the m-40 is an
excellent optical gaming mouse and at
the time of its release
even though Corsair had higher-end
products I felt like it was actually the
strongest offering in their lineup for
FPS gamers from both a value perspective
and even just overall it's a Vogel 3090
sensor is extremely accurate and doesn't
suffer from the acceleration issues that
plagued modern laser sensors the m45
picks up where the m-40 left off it has
an upgraded picsArt pmw 3310 optical
sensor that is widely regarded as a
solid evolutionary improvement over the
3090 and in spite of the branding change
is actually made by the same folks like
its older brother the m45 lacks some of
the features of higher in mice like
customizable lighting colors it's got
two settings red and off and I'm sure
there's other stuff but I can't remember
any of it right now so obviously there's
nothing missing that I personally care
about some more buttons would be nice I
guess but this is not an MMO Mouse so I
guess the layout makes sense let's get
into the important stuff the things I
care about that it does have seven
completely programmable buttons
excellent ergonomics that allow for
users with small hands to Palm and users
with big your hands to claw very
comfortably an adjustable weight system
that lets the m-40 go from about 98
grams to about 116 grams making it very
light at the low end of that range
Omron switches a high-mass scroll wheel
that due to its metal construction
really does have a more satisfying feel
and finally the really nice textured
finish of the mouse with soft touch on
the top and then a fine sandpaper
feeling plastic on the sides that is
both durable and facilitates easy lifts
without being uncomfortable to the touch
dpi goes from 50 all the way to 5
thousand in increments and fifty giving
you pretty much as wide a range as most
gamers will desire until we get to like
8k displays or something and it's got
three selectable profiles controlled by
default with the top buttons here so you
can change your dpi settings on the fly
speaking of default key mappings Corsair
software has come a long way since the
launch of the m60 and m9 you know I'm
slowing down to emphasize that you can
create and save as many profiles as
you'd like and store your favorite one
on the mouse's onboard memory lift
height has five settings from low to
high the polling rate can be adjusted
although just set this to a thousand
Hertz or one millisecond and then you're
pretty much good to go
and angle snapping can be turned on or
off but lacks more granular control
acceleration and the number of scrolling
lines for the wheel options are not
included but those can of course be
adjusted in Windows so I guess the one
thing that really felt absent to me was
the ability to remap or bind macros to
the scroll up and scroll down
functionality this is especially
conspicuous dude of course there's
actually really solid and easy-to-use
implementation of button remapping that
allows you to assign macros keyboard
keys and even some cool canned windows
functions like copy-paste close current
window etc now as of today the m45
pricing puts it right up against the
SteelSeries rival and the Logitech G
400s and $10 cheaper than the Razer
DeathAdder 2013 making it very
competitive the G 400s will be the
obvious choice for gamers who prefer
that classic Logitech shape and the only
thing I feel that it lacks at this price
point is a braided cable and 45s got
that compared to the rival I prefer the
textured sides versus the rubber finish
on the sides of the rival and for
compared to the death out of 2013 I find
that the increased resistance of the
left and right click on the top is
preferable to the hair-trigger ones on
the Death Adder but your mileage may
vary and that is why all of these mice
get to exist so personal taste I really
like a lot of things about this one but
there are definitely pros to the others
guys like and share this video if you
liked it dislike it if you dislike
leave a nasty comment on the Linus tech
tips forum linked in the video
description if you'd like to discuss my
failings and what a terrible father and
product reviewer I am and if you have
any constructive criticism for the rest
of my team then go for it - no one's no
one's safe from you and also linked in
the video description is a support link
where if you did feel the video didn't
suck in that I am an excellent father
you can go ahead and give us a monthly
contribution by t-shirt or even
something as simple as just change your
amazon bookmark so that it goes to our
affiliate code and we get a small
kickback anytime you buy something from
amazon.com guys thanks again for
watching and as always don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips for more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos